# Chutes-And-Ladders

This project looks to simulate and analyze naive artificial intelligence agents playing a game similar to Chutes and Ladders. An extension of the game simulated in three dimensional space with specific player conditions, this iteration introduces a Maze space to the board. Also, scoring and end game conditions dramatically change which may alter the effectiveness of each player personality. To ascertain the dominant strategy given these new rules, eight AI personalities were created to play the game including Random, Anti-Hold, Treasure Hunter, Sprinter, Smart Sprinter, Tortoise, Hybrid, and Maze Runner players. All personalities, save the Maze Runner, were analyzed in the second iteration of this project. The Maze Runner personality was added to this game for reasons outlined in the Approach section of this paper. We hypothesis that the Treasure Hunter personality will preform the best of any strategy as in the second project. To closer analyze the Sprinter and Tortoise players, we offer an experiment that pits the personalities against one another. As the game end conditions have changed, we hypothesis that the Tortoise player will perform better than the Sprinter personality. We also offer a complexity analysis of the game as a function of the number of tokens. As the number of tokens rises we expect the game to take a longer time to finish. We expect linear behavior of our program as this variable is increased. Finally, we test how the Maze Runner performs as the number of mazes in the board increase. We expect that the personality will win more frequently as the number of mazes increase. Analysis of these hypotheses can be found in Section 4.
